Add Vehicle Purchase exercise for Patterns concept (#326)
exercism/awk: exercises/concept/vehicle-purchase/.docs/instructions.md

# Instructions

> In this exercise, you will write some code to help you prepare to buy a vehicle.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this exercise, you will write a program to help you prepare to buy a vehicle.
```

> You have three tasks: determine if you will need to get a license; choose between two vehicles; and estimate the acceptable price for a used vehicle.

Reviewer: The middle task seems to have been dropped from the instructions/exercise.

## 1. Determine if you will need a drivers license

Some kinds of vehicles require a drivers license to operate them.
Assume only vehicles containing `car` or `truck` require a license; everything else can be operated without a license.

Implement a "pattern {action}" pair that reads `needs_license` in the first field and the kind of vehicle in the second field, and prints "true" indicating whether you need a license for that kind of vehicle.
If you don't need a license, you don't need to print anything.

```sh

> echo "needs_license,dumptruck" | gawk -F, -f vehicle-purchase.awk

Author: Maybe add `BEGIN {FS = ","}` in the stub file?
